Week 1:

I'm filling this one out late, but here is what happened in Week 1. We established our team and chose a project as well as a scrum master.
Our team vageuly set a goal of generating user stories but I think we were a bit too aimless in this, and as such were not succesful.

Week 2:
Filling this one out late as well. For week 2 we set a goal of finishing our first draft of our project proposal. My personal part in this was to write the introduction as well as create our sprint schedule from the generated user stories.
I also started working on our website in a seperate rep "front-end".

Week 3:
I was able to succesfully finish my Week 2 goal, and I think we will finish our proposal on time. I have also been researching Map APIs and potential services that we can offer that current competition does not.
As we finish our report I think we will beign our first sprint, and I hope to finish all the front-end objectives associated with it.

Week 4:
I've created our Login and Homepages, as well as implementing our basic search bar. I've almost all the work on our drop down buttons to add filter paramaters on our search. 
Next week I plan to finish the search page and connect the login page to the apis.

Week 5:
I've added cookies to our website, finished the login page, finished the sign up page,and finished the search page with filter buttons. I've also implmented the log out function.
I also want to add in an autofill bar for our search bar, but will need to research that. I've also created a dedicated Results page that redirects from the home page search.

Week 6:
I've finished the results page and have created the result card component that represents a house. This will take a lot more work to finish. Until then I've also started the seller upload page which will be needed to create properties.
My goal for next week is to figure out how to implement image uploads. 

Week 7:
Image uploads are now succesful, and I have started building out the auction page / main property page. I've built an 'Auction Manager' component that will handle what the user sees based on auction progress, and user type. 
I've also created summary pages for each user type (seller properties uploaded, registered properties for RAB). My goals for next week are to do some bug fixes, and implement bidding.

Week 8:
The seller page is now completely linked with the API and the bidding page is now working. I've also done some changes that Matthew suggested which include formatting and adjusting our search filter fields. 
For next week I need to implement auction registration fully as well as the google map component.

Week 9:
I've created the registration modal component, and have done all the front end work related to google maps. I've also done some bug fixing and testing, and am trying to implement a local storage solution for preserving React state.
With the time remaining, I aim to finish the recommendation system with Weicheng.
